README.md, before:

# postcss-rgb-filter 


[PostCSS](https://github.com/postcss/postcss) plugin to convert rgb colors to css filters.

Full credit to [MultiplyByZer0 for this code](https://stackoverflow.com/a/43960991/604861). 
This PostCSS plugin just wraps that code.

Created to help [colour SVG background images](https://css-tricks.com/solved-with-css-colorizing-svg-backgrounds/).

For this code to work well the starting color of the icon SVG needs to be black. Also note filters are not supported 
in IE11, so the black icon will be the fallback.

```css
.foo {
  filter: rgb(0, 92, 250);
}
```
Converts to:
```css
.foo {
  filter: invert(25%) sepia(96%) saturate(4236%) hue-rotate(214deg) brightness(97%) contrast(107%);
}
```

## Install

```
npm i --save-dev postcss-rgb-filter
```

## Usage

```js
postcss([ require('postcss-rgb-filter') ])
```

See [PostCSS](https://github.com/postcss/postcss) docs for examples for your environment.

If you use the [css variables](https://www.npmjs.com/package/postcss-css-variables) plugin and want to use a variable 
for the color value, make sure it also runs before this plugin.

If you prefer writing colours in hex format simple add a plugin like [postcss-rgb-plz](https://www.npmjs.com/package/postcss-rgb-plz)
and make sure it runs before this plugin.

If you use an autoprefixer plugin make sure it runs after this plugin, otherwise the prefixed value won't be converted.

Commit message:

Add options to reduce accuracy and maybe improve performance

README.md, after:

# postcss-rgb-filter 


[PostCSS](https://github.com/postcss/postcss) plugin to convert rgb colors to css filters.

Full credit to [MultiplyByZer0 for this code](https://stackoverflow.com/a/43960991/604861). 
This PostCSS plugin just wraps that code.

Created to help [colour SVG background images](https://css-tricks.com/solved-with-css-colorizing-svg-backgrounds/).

For this code to work well the starting color of the icon SVG needs to be black. Also note filters are not supported 
in IE11, so the black icon will be the fallback.

```css
.foo {
  filter: rgb(0, 92, 250);
}
```
Converts to:
```css
.foo {
  filter: invert(25%) sepia(96%) saturate(4236%) hue-rotate(214deg) brightness(97%) contrast(107%);
}
```

## Install

```
npm i --save-dev postcss-rgb-filter
```

## Usage

```js
postcss([ require('postcss-rgb-filter') ])
```

See [PostCSS](https://github.com/postcss/postcss) docs for examples for your environment.

## Options

### `cssvars` (default: `false`)

Setting to `true` allows you to use the [css variables](https://www.npmjs.com/package/postcss-css-variables) plugin 
and use a variable for the color value.

### `loss` (default: `10`)

This plugin does some very heavy calculations, this setting allow you to improve the accuracy of converted colour,
by reducing the loss. A loss of `0` means a perfect colour conversion, however this can significantly slow down the time
it takes postcss to process your files, especially when used a lot.

## Plugin order

If you prefer writing colours in hex format simple add a plugin like [postcss-rgb-plz](https://www.npmjs.com/package/postcss-rgb-plz)
and make sure it runs before this plugin.

If you use an autoprefixer plugin make sure it runs after this plugin, otherwise the prefixed value won't be converted.
